Hey y'all, it's Cathy. So a few years ago, I was a new student in this x-ray program,
And I know that sounds cool, like I was a superhero or something. It was pretty boring.
I struggled to stay awake in lectures every day.
Although, there was one particular day that changed my life.
Forever! [EARRAPE SOUNDS]
Me and my classmate Kate, were walking down the hallway, and we caught a quick glimpse of a guy,
who kinda looked like Dwayne Johnson, but with hair.
He was cute, tall, and had muscles,
like I could see his arms through his teal scrubs.
noiceeeeeeeeeeeeeee
We lost sight of him when he entered a patient's room.
But then we realised, that was the same room that we also needed to go into.
Kate and I both gasped [LOUD GASP], and gave each other this look of nervous excitement.
We bursted out laughing as we anxiously walked toward the room to see this guy.
I mean, [COUGH] the patient. My heart was pounding.
We parked our portable x-ray machine outside and peeked in.
I deduced that he was a respiratory therapist student.
That explains why I had so much trouble breathing walking over here.
He took my breath away.
Maybe he can give me CPR.
Some mouth-to-mouth, whoa, the possibilities!
But, what was his name?
I wasn't close enough to see his badge
Then, he turned and started walking towards me.
In a sad effort to flirt, I asked, "Is it okay if we come in for an X-ray now?"
God, that was awful! Quick, say something else.
"Don't want you to get radiated!"
Much better!
"Oh, you actually care about me?"
His reply caught me off guard as I let out a quiet giggle.
[LONG GIGGLE]
The good thing was, I was also able to catch the name on his badge: Michael.
Michael.
Mike.
Mikeyyyyyy.
Or just Michael.
Holy moly, I was giddy about this new human being.
It wasn't until a week later that I saw him around the hospital again.
We were both headed to the same patient's room, again!
MICHAEL: "Hi, I'm Michael."
[LAUGH] CATHY'S MIND: "I know."
CATHY: "Oh, hiiiiiii."
We small talked for a bit.
I found out he loves sushi, I love sushi.
He loves basketball, I can learn.
We were the same age. We had some mutual friends.
We totally hit it off, and that's when he leaned in and said,
MICHAEL: "Can I ask you a question?"
This is it. He's gonna confess his like for me.
He'll ask me out, we'll fly away,
and we'll become an X-ray CPR dynamic duo!
CATHY: "Yeah, what's up?"
MICHAEL: "Do you, er, know if that girl with the pretty eyes in your department is er, single?"
I...
died.
Okay, no, I was crushed.
Are you kidding me?
Why would he ask me such a thing?
With the forced smile, I answered,
"Oh, yeah. She's pretty and no, she has a boyfriend. Sorry."
The thing was I knew exactly who he was talking about.
This other girl, named Cindy.
Because she does have pretty eyes...
...pretty fake eyes! They're coloured contacts.
Those aren't even her real eye colour. They're fake!
I vented to Kate and told her how Michael thought Cindy was pretty.
She assured me that he was crazy for not noticing my really normal, but real dark brown eyes.
CATHY: "Aww... Thanks, Kate,
but how does that get him to notice me?!"
I needed to step up my game.
So literally, the next day,
I came into the hospital my face all done up.
Full makeup, eyelashes, and yes,
FAKE. COLOURED. CONTACTS.
I roamed the hospital with my eyes wide open all day.
No way he wouldn't notice me now.
But of course, he was nowhere in sight that day,
and my efforts of getting him to see my pretty eyes was a waste.
My eyes were also infected for the next few days because of those contacts.
Days became weeks, and he was still nowhere to be found.
Things went back to the way they were:
Boring lectures and routine x-ray scans.
I found out he graduated, and so I would never see Michael.
Mike...
Mikey...
ever again.
Fast forward to almost a year later,
I was working at a restaurant as a server when a party of ten came in.
I dreaded taking care of large parties.
I walked over to the table and started taking orders
When I reached the last person,
my jaw dropped, and my breath was once again taken away, it was him!
Damn it. I was in my smelly uniform.
My hair was a mess and most importantly, I didn't have my coloured eyes on.
Thankfully, he was still really sweet.
We caught up for a few minutes, and he asked me for my contact information.
No, not those contacts.
[WHISPERS] He never knew about those, remember?
I wrote down my number on a receipt slip, and well,
we've been married for three years!
Turns out he loves me,
and my really normal dark brown eyes.
To think, we never would have met if it wasn't for that clinic.
I guess patience really is a virtue.
Thanks to DOM for animating me in my Awksome story.
Check out his videos and other Awksome Adventures from Wong Fu over there. Laters!